[unused1] [unused2] Chinese national shot dead in Karachi. Police term it a ‘targeted killing.’ A Chinese national was shot dead by unidentified assailants here on Monday in an apparent targeted killing, a media report said. The police called it a “targeted killing” as he was shot after being followed by the assailants. A passerby was also injured in the incident in Karachi’s Clifton area near Zamzama Park, the Express Tribune reported. Police said nine bullet casings were found at the site of the incident. Inquiry ordered. The place was immediately cordoned off. Minister of Interior Sindh Sohail Anwar Khan ordered the police to start an inquiry into the matter. Security was beefed up for foreigners, particularly Chinese nationals across the province.
[unused1] [unused2] Chinese national shot dead in Karachi. Police term it a ‘targeted killing.’ A Chinese national was shot dead by unidentified assailants here on Monday in an apparent targeted killing, a media report said. The police called it a “targeted killing” as he was shot after being followed by the assailants. A passerby was also injured in the incident in Karachi’s Clifton area near Zamzama Park, the Express Tribune reported. Police said nine bullet casings were found at the site of the incident. Inquiry ordered. The place was immediately cordoned off. Minister of Interior Sindh Sohail Anwar Khan ordered the police to start an inquiry into the matter. Security was beefed up for foreigners, particularly Chinese nationals across the province.
[unused1] [unused2] Chinese national shot dead in Karachi. Police term it a ‘targeted killing.’ A Chinese national was shot dead by unidentified assailants here on Monday in an apparent targeted killing, a media report said. The police called it a “targeted killing” as he was shot after being followed by the assailants. A passerby was also injured in the incident in Karachi’s Clifton area near Zamzama Park, the Express Tribune reported. Police said nine bullet casings were found at the site of the incident. Inquiry ordered. The place was immediately cordoned off. Minister of Interior Sindh Sohail Anwar Khan ordered the police to start an inquiry into the matter. Security was beefed up for foreigners, particularly Chinese nationals across the province.
[unused1] [unused2] 7.1 Magnitude Earthquake strikes Central Mexico An earthquake measuring 7.1 has struck Mexico City with several fatalities already feared.
[unused1] [unused2] Woman dies after being hit by school bus Yamunanagar, February 8 Irate residents smashed windshields of a private school bus and thrashed its driver after the vehicle hit a woman on Radaur road here today. The victim, Chandra Kala (62) of Camp area, died later at hospital. Kala was hit while crossing the road. Thereafter, family members of the deceased and colony residents reached the spot. They vandalised the school bus and thrashed the driver. Subhash Chand, SHO, Farakpur Police Station, said that no student was hurt in the incident as they alighted from the bus after the incident. — TNS
[unused1] [unused2] Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army A Palestinian was killed Sunday when Israeli forces opened fire on a boat from the Gaza Strip after it left a zone where Israel allows Palestinians to fish, officials said. A spokeswoman for the Israeli army said the boat “deviated from the designated fishing zone in the northern Gaza Strip.” Naval forces called on the boat to halt, then fired warning shots in the air before shooting toward it when the three people on board did not stop, the spokeswoman said. A severely wounded Palestinian later died from his injuries, she said. The other two Palestinian “suspects” were detained by security forces. The fishermen’s union in Gaza said a boat with three fishermen was fired upon by Israel’s military. Israel and Palestinian militants in Gaza, run by Islamist movement Hamas, have fought three wars since 2008 and the territory has been under an Israeli blockade for more than 10 years. Fishing off the northern part of the strip, adjacent to Israel, is limited to six nautical miles offshore and the Israeli navy regularly fires warning shots or at Palestinians who breach it. Such incidents rarely result in deaths. Hamas spokesman Abdel Latif Qanoua called the incident “an ugly crime the occupation is responsible for and a form of continuing aggression against our Palestinian people.” The Gaza Strip’s border with Egypt has also been largely closed in recent years.
[unused1] [unused2] Three killed as car rams into tree. Ambala: Three youths lost their lives when their car rammed into a tree near Bhareri village here late Friday night. The driver lost control over the vehicle. The deceased have been identified as Deepak (21), Sanjeev (22) and Shubham (22), residents of Badholi village. They were rushed to the Civil Hospital, Naraingarh, where they were declared brought dead.
[unused1] [unused2] Two policemen killed in separate attacks in Kashmir Two policemen were killed in different attacks in Kashmir on Sunday, officials said, and in both the incidents, the assailants snatched the weapons of the policemen before escaping. Constable Kultar Singh was killed when militants fired upon him outside the historic Chrar-e-Sharif shrine in central Kashmir’s Budgam district on Sunday afternoon, police said. Director general of state police, SP Vaid, tweeted: “Pained at the loss of a valued colleague SGCt Kultar Singh JKAP 13 Bn who attained martyrdom in an attack on J-K Police guard for protection of Chrar-e-Sharif shrine.” The shrine is one of the most revered in Kashmir. Built as a homage to Sufi saint Sheikh Noor-ud-Din Noorani, the shrine is said to be around 600 years old -- although the original was destroyed during a gunfight between militants and forces in 1995 and then rebuilt. Singh’s last moments were captured in video which is now being circulated on social media, where he falls to the ground bleeding after telling the man holding the camera that he was shot twice and the two gunmen escaped after snatching his rifle. In the video locals are seen rushing for medical help after picking him up. Police said constable Farooq Ahmed Yatoo was killed when militants fired on him in Soura locality of Srinagar. Yatoo, a native of Chadoora area of Budgam district, was posted as a guard at the residence of separatist leader Fazal Haq Qureshi who had survived an attempt on his life in 2009. Police did not say how many men were involved the attack on Ahmed.Following his killing the police chief took to Twitter once again to advice policemen to be more careful. Police said investigation into both the cases are on.
[unused1] [unused2] Democratic People’s Republic of Korea Flood Update 138 fatalities have now been reported after flooding began on 29 August in the North Hamgyong Province. 400 people are also missing. According to Reliefweb, Heoryong City, Musan and Yonsa counties are the most severely affected areas. An estimated 69,000 people have been displaced, and a further140,000 are in desperate need of aid. An estimated 18,600 homes have been destroyed and 11,4000 have been damaged. Humanitarian organisations are currently responding and providing aid.
[unused1] [unused2] Pavlof volcano According the Alaska Volcano Observatory, activity at Pavlof volcano has intensified. There has been an increase in seismic activity on Tuesday 25th June. Visibility of the summit is currently poor, therefore activity can not be observed.
[unused1] [unused2] Update on Cyclone Ita. Surveys of the damage caused by Cyclone Ita are taking place in northern Queensland. No fatalities or injuries have been reported. Ita left communities without power, caused damage to a few buildings, uprooted trees and destroyed crop plantations along the way, however no major damage has been reported and the country appears to have had a lucky escape. Heavy rainfall has a…lso caused floods which have inundated roads but not homes have been flooded. According to reports the damage is estimated to have cost approximately $1 million. Ita has now been downgraded to a category 1 cyclone with winds of up to 100km/h and is currently making its way south and is predicted to eventually make its way offshore by Monday. Warnings are still in place and according to the Australia Bureau of Meteorology between Bowen and St Lawrence; 100km/h wind speeds are likely and between Proserpine and Mackay and possibly Yeppoon and heavy rainfall up to 400mm and flooding is also a risk.
[unused1] [unused2] Hyderabad: Major fire breaks out at Annapurna Studio HYDERABAD: A major fire broke out at Annapurna studio in Banjara Hills on Monday evening. According to the sources, two Telugu film sets were burnt down in the fire accident which occurred at around 6:30pm in the evening. The sets were said to be empty when the incident happened and no casualties were reported so far. Four fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the exact cause for this fire accident is yet to be known. Several movies, reality shows and television episodes are shot in Annapurna studio on a regular basis and sources said there were quite a few people in the studio when fire mishap happened.
